README.md, before:

## About
This is a personal hobby-made language written in C++ together with Flex/Bison tools. The goal is to simulate the translation of the programming language into assembly code through the syntax tree and to execute it.

```mermaid 
	graph TB
		S1:::mainClass
		S2:::mainClass
		S1 -.-> S2
		classDef mainClass font-size: 17px;

		subgraph S1["Frontend"]
			direction TB;
			A(Source code) --Lexer--> B(Words)
			B(Words) --Parser--> C(AST)
		end
		subgraph S2["Middle end and backend"]
			direction TB;
			D(AST) --Semantic analysis & graph traversing-->E(Machine code)
		end
```

## Some info

### Supported structures, operations and statements
- assignment of values to the variables
- printing and scaning input
- arithmetic, logical and bitwise operations
- loop and if-else statements (individual or nested)
- fixed-size arrays
- defining and calling functions

## Running the compiler

First, type 
```
source build.sh
```
This will create the parser. In order to run your code, you need to type a command that looks like 
```
exp file_name.exp executable_name
```
This will run the parser and compiler and translate your program to assembly file, which will later on be translated to an executable file. At the end, you can run your program by typing ```./executable_name``` .

Commit message:

Update explanation for running compiler

README.md, after:

## About
This is a personal hobby-made language written in C++ together with Flex/Bison tools. The goal is to simulate the translation of the programming language into assembly code through the syntax tree and to execute it.

```mermaid 
	graph TB
		S1:::mainClass
		S2:::mainClass
		S1 -.-> S2
		classDef mainClass font-size: 17px;

		subgraph S1["Frontend"]
			direction TB;
			A(Source code) --Lexer--> B(Words)
			B(Words) --Parser--> C(AST)
		end
		subgraph S2["Middle end and backend"]
			direction TB;
			D(AST) --Semantic analysis & graph traversing-->E(Machine code)
		end
```

## Some info

### Supported structures, operations and statements
- assignment of values to the variables
- printing and scaning input
- arithmetic, logical and bitwise operations
- loop and if-else statements (individual or nested)
- fixed-size arrays
- defining and calling functions

## Running the compiler
First, run ``` ./install.sh ``` inside the ```Exper``` directory to install necessary executables. Then, type
```
source /bin/exp.sh
```
to make running command visible. Finally, you can type
```
exp_run your_file.exp your_executable 
```
to compile and run your code.
